docs: style/formatting improvements for using ibc-go > overview (#5808)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/docs/01-ibc/01-overview.md

- Use the default acknowledgment struct provided by core IBC or optionally define a custom acknowledgment struct.
- Standardize an encoding of the packet data.
- Implement the `IBCModule` interface.

> - Implement the `UpgradableModule` interface.

Reviewer: Right now this is optional, we discussed making it required for v9 but I kind of like having it optional too

Author: Made it optional.

in the following manner: `{chainID}-{revision_number}`. On any height-resetting upgrade, the `chainID` **MUST** be updated with a higher revision number
than the previous value.

For example:

- Before upgrade `chainID`: `gaiamainnet-3`
- After upgrade `chainID`: `gaiamainnet-4`

> Clients that do not require revisions, such as the solo-machine client, can simply hardcode `0` into the revision number whenever they

Reviewer: maybe we should just make it like this, wdyt?

```suggestion
Clients that do not require revisions, such as the 06-solomachine client, can simply hardcode `0` into the revision number whenever they
```
